docs: update Juju links (#2095)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/files/bundle-yaml-file.rst

``bundle.yaml`` file
====================

.. important::

>     As of 1 Jan 2025, bundles are being phased out.

Author: You can no longer register new bundles, but there's no current schedule AFAIK for more action. I could link to the juju bundles page, but it says roughly the same thing.

>     As of 1 Jan 2025, bundles are being phased out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Bundles are being phased out. Starting 1 Jan 2025, users can no longer register new bundles.
```
